this is weird and don't answer this
question if you don't want to matter but
I have to know why you brought this up
but I didn't hear you discuss you had an
extraordinary disagreement with your
wife about yourself do you know what I'm
talking about by myself you mean yes
with interest
one night as you do we were talking
about stuff and of course being
circumcised I said she said she said
you're not circumcised I said what do
you mean you've only known me a few all
my life I remember my mother telling me
why because it was fashionable at the
time she said you're not circumcised I
said that's ridiculous I should know if
I'm conversation but the next day I
happened to be seeing my doctor my
doctor for my annual physical of course
so while he was down there disagreement
I am circumcised all right because she
says I'm not and he goes
[Applause]
so he looked down again and he said hey
I'm Jewish I know the difference
can is it many times it's not worth
going into it over 30 years including
when I asked her about being in this she
was the first person I asked to be on
the train and she very kindly said yes
before I'd finished the sentence and it
was that was very thrilling because it
made a big difference to everybody else
but I used to go and talk to her about
it in our dressing room at the Garrick
Theatre where we were doing
Shakespeare's play at the Winter's Tale
and going into Judy's dressing room was
almost like going into the bookies
because she's there I'm studying
Shakespeare like a wild thing she's bent
over the sporting life I'm going there
one night having a chance it's a very
exciting may have Johnny Johnny Depp
maybe in a show and Michelle Pfeiffer's
also josh gedgie check what's Fleming
she was sitting there with a dressing
gown on we get our call over the town Oh
mr. Brannon is Dench your your pure on
so she gets up we continued talking
great so we're gonna build a train and
it's all gonna be fantastic we get into
the wings ready to go on there's 30
seconds to go she throws off her
dressing gown and there's nothing on
from below the waist
I like the song there is nothing like a
day we they're not so we do so Judy says
dress have to run all the way back to
the dressing room come back on with it
with her skirt and then she walked on
like that and then all the things she
used to do like that she couldn't do the
rest of the scene with somebody acting
in semaphore this was you recently yeah
now that's you in the blue t-shirt and
that's right the white jeans one where
are you there
and that's in Borneo and in the cave and
one about 200 feet up now ad you annoyed
someone done that to you well because I
want to be up there and see all these
there's a million Baxter you see I
wanted to be there when all the bats
were coming out of the cave so I could
say something like that's a million bats
[Applause]
Kane's face was a picture
I have a question do they go in your
hair then all the scary movies the bats
go in their hair
not at all no they've got all this
marvelous thing this system whereby they
got echolocation you know and actually
I've been on that cave before and and I
had to climb up a pile of bat poo yes I
got to the top and I was sort of choking
with ammonia and the director said honey
out because he's at the bottom to say
say something see so I said a lot of
people are frightened about you know and
and and the cameraman was there with a
light and he said a lot of people think
they're gonna drag your hair not so
because of this echolocation and the
camera the director said cut and the
cameraman put the light out and the bat
hit me strictly in the SOB yeah you went
around the block
yes well what a legend you guys were
married to Joe are you kidding oh my god
gooble the other guests to that lovely
guy 442 yeah that's crazy yeah I think
maybe most of the audience know he did
all the great Pink Panther movies he did
at breakfast at tiffany's and the coast
and unten and those kind of movies but
no I had to go topless from but it was
very legitimate and I had it took ten
years super legitimate it was
legitimately in the script is what I'm
there no yes very
you know you love it is all about it's a
real take off on Hollywood it's a very
funny sob sob is oh no I'm sorry god
what will fed on our wedding night just
telling you don't do this you're
Julianne no no no I mean I'd done an
awful lot by then and and I had as I say
it took ten years to get the movie made
so I had ten years to think about it and
it was in the script and quite as I say
legitimate and it just can be cold in
the studio didn't you find that and it's
a lot worse when it's cold for us then
[Music]
but a very busy week what have you been
doing just celebrating oh wait a minute
oh I've got so many things really
Michael yeah
it's your birthday
[Applause]
it's a beautiful protocol thank you so
much oh it's a lovely card with a
picture of Michael on the front now is
this one this is one of the talking
cards yeah yeah okay let's listen
[Music]
[Applause]
impressive but the best impression of my
voice I've heard is Tom Hanks really he
did it on the on The Late Show in in in
New York yeah I saw I saw I was
surprised thanks Andy never done it for
me do you know this there's this
shortcut to say your name as the way
they listen
people say you say my cocaine
yeah like the drug but loud yeah but
I'll tell you a story about that oh yes
a picture I was making a picture in the
Philippines now I'm in Manila and we
were invited to this very very posh
expensive house to a party and I'm being
introduced to people and saying getting
a drink and all that and the hostess is
standing over there and she's looking at
me rather nastily considering it on the
guest you know and I there was a moment
when I was a bit free and she went so I
went over her and she said are you a
drug dealer
I said no why do you ask
she said why is everybody calling you my
cocaine
you know that story shows that you
couldn't make out a lot of people at the
party good where's Mike okay
[Music]
you